## [406. Queue Reconstruction by Height](https://leetcode.com/problems/queue-reconstruction-by-height/)

Suppose you have a random list of people standing in a queue. Each person is described by a pair of integers (h, k), where h is the height of the person and k is the number of people in front of this person who have a height greater than or equal to h. Write an algorithm to reconstruct the queue.

Note:
The number of people is less than 1,100.

**Example**
```
Input:
[[7,0], [4,4], [7,1], [5,0], [6,1], [5,2]]

Output:
[[5,0], [7,0], [5,2], [6,1], [4,4], [7,1]]
```

# Solution to correcting the queue:

thinking
First, think about the situation that everyone is the same height, such as [7,0] and [7,1]. The right way to sort is to let people with larger K go to the back row.

At this time, let’s generalize. If we add a shorter person, such as [6,1], then where should he put it? Obviously, it should be between [7,0] and [7,1], and finally it forms[7,0][6,1][7,1]Such a sequence.
What if we join a higher person? For example [8,0], it is obvious to form[7,0][7,1][8,0]

Through observation, we can find that inserting shorter people will not change the sequence of people who have already lined up by height, but the shorter people will insert among these people, and then think about where the shorter people want to insert?
Because of the limitation of condition, K means that there are several people in front of this person, k = 1, there is one in front, k = 2, there are two in front.

All in all, when we insert a shorter person in a highly ordered queue, we will directly put it in the K position.
In this way, we can first arrange the original array in reverse order of height h (the tall ones are in front), and then in order of K.

Then, create a new array, take out the elements from the original array, and insert them into the K position of the current item.
Think about it. The first one inserted must be the highest one [8,0], the person on the left is the least (0), the second one inserted must be the same height or shorter than the first one, and its K must be 1. 8,0

If the third person is shorter, because there are two people in the sequence now, K must be 1, or 2, otherwise, the data given by the subject is wrong and cannot be handled correctly.
We can continue to reason…

If you still don’t understand, you can refer to the answer to the original question: 406. Queue reconstruction by height
This question belongs to the kind of question that is hard to come up with without thinking.

Thanks for https://developpaper.com/406-queue-reconstruction-by-height/ for providing the explanation!!

* Code: *

```java
public class Solution {
    public int[][] reconstructQueue(int[][] people) {
        Arrays.sort(people, (p1, p2) -> { 
            return p1[0] == p2[0] ? p1[1] - p2[1] : p2[0] - p1[0]; 
        }); 
        LinkedList<int[]> list = new LinkedList<>(); 
        for (int i = 0; i < people.length; i++)
            list.add(people[i][1], people[i]); 

        return list.toArray(people); 
    }
}
```

**Complexity:**
* Time: O(nlogn) - sorting
* Space: O(n)